[google_fonts] Add google_fonts_lite file to allow tree-shaking of the other huge files (#11433)
flutter/packages: packages/google_fonts/CHANGELOG.md

> ## 8.3.0

Reviewer: Removing fonts is a breaking change, so this will need to be a bump to 9.0.0. 
That being said, there is another PR migrating this to material_ui (#12489), which is also a breaking change. Rather than release 2 major versions, we'll aim to batch these changes together for one 9.0.0 release.
Let's make this "Next", and in pubspec.yaml, set `publish_to: none`.

Author: Done

## 8.3.0

> - Add a `GoogleFontsLite` class. Using only this class and not the regular `GoogleFonts` allows the compiler to tree-shake most of the package's code.

Reviewer: Following the [repository CHANGELOG guidelines](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/master/docs/ecosystem/contributing/README.md#changelog-style) (third-person present tense verb, full sentence):

```suggestion
## 8.3.0

* Adds the `GoogleFontsLite` class to allow tree-shaking unused font code.
```
